okay welcome everyone I'm going to call
to order the town of Andover Board of
Selectmen regular meeting for Monday
March 10th it is 7 o'clock and we're
going to start with the Pledge of
Allegiance I pledge allegiance to the
flag of the United States of America and
to the Republic for which it stands one
nation under God indivisible with
liberty and justice for
all and we're going to move on to item
two public speak we're going to start
with Diane
Grenier good I hope you can hear me we
can perfect um a few things that I
wanted to say tonight uh one I'm
delighted to see so many people zooming
into tonight's meeting we don't always
have this much company um and some
people that I haven't heard or seen from
in a long time so that's good to see
everybody um one of the things I wanted
to ask is that sometime in the near
future doesn't have to be tonight can we
get an update on the um andover's finest
that program um it's been in place for a
couple of years uh originally it was
going to be every every H quarter or so
I believe we've only done it once and
it's been a long time so I'd like to
hear an update on I hope that hasn't
fallen through the cracks and we're not
doing it anymore so if we can get update
on that I'd appreciate it um the other
thing is um we we had some uh windy
weather this week and uh put our work um
public works department to the test I
think they did a great job um yippy
thank you guys um I did notice um before
the storm that there's been a lot of
well there's been a lot of tree cutting
activity um the last couple of years um
particularly um I noticed on shotty Mill
there's there's been a lot down by the
dump uh transfer station excuse me um
there's also been a lot on burnap Brook
Road significant tree cutting over there
and I was wondering is there a um um a
schedule where where are they going to
be next so that people would know when
they're coming to uh take down the trees
in their neighborhood um and if that
could be posted someplace or so people
would know that where where the guys are
what they're doing and the fact that
they are doing something um so I would
like to see that and the other thing and
I'm sorry that Eric's not on here toight
um before every meeting as Board of
selectman I generally go to most of the
meetings um I check the um the calendar
they have the agenda and attached to
that is the administrator's report and
I'm always surprised at how much stuff
the Town Administrator handles um it's a
wide variety of things um I think he
does an excellent job um and I I applaud
him and I just want to make a make it
known publicly that uh what what he does
is recognized and I don't think that
most people in town know all the things
that he does um and again that that
report the um administrator's report is
very informative um as you probably all
know that I'm pretty much homebound I
don't get out a lot um but I do find
that's a great way of staying in touch
with all the things that are happening
in our community and um like I say I
find it very very helpful so I thank you
for that and like I say those other
items if at some point in town you can
in time you can give us an update on
those things I'd appreciate it thank you
very much thank you uh Wally Barton
nothing at this time Jeff thank you yeah
Kimberly psan nothing right now thank
you Liz low
catch thanks I'm all set for now okay
Janine gagan all set thank
you uh
Chris I'm sorry Kathy and Mike
pazi nothing nothing this evening thank
you okay uh Chris I don't have a last
name for that's fine it's Chris Bernard
Chris
Bernard and nothing right now thanks
okay
uh Rachel
Bowman I'm all set for now thank
you Stephen
King at the moment currently
speechless Louise
Goodwin I'm all set thank you Jerry
KET I'm all set thank you Valerie
Bruno all set thank you Joanne Ebert
all set right now thank you Kathleen no
last name d roers all set thank
you Bob hamburger nothing at this time
thank you Tess
gr I'm all set thank you Jeff lean
Hutchinson nothing thank you
okay uh I have phone number that ends in
6988 okay
um I have a phone number that um is 2345
and I believe that's attorney Town
attorney
O'Brien okay
uh 5475 was Leanne Hutchinson and uh
phone number that ends in
682 that's Adrian
mandaville Adrian and I just have a
couple questions I'd like to ask the
board to address prior of the the
meeting on Thursday um regarding the
school solar project um I've gone
through the documents that were
available on the school website
unfortunately I I don't see anything
further um so one of my concerns is I
was on the original School roof project
and we put in for a 50-year warranty for
that roof it was an actual additional
10% cost to the project um in the
minute hang on
sorry
um unfortunately I don't see any
documents addressing how that's going to
be taken care of because the minute you
put the solar on the roof you're going
to throw away a 50-year warranty and
although the solar companies say that
they're going to you know they'll take
care of any damages um you're talking
about a new company that's barely been
around and they're going to be able to
cover a $500,000 worth um there should
be some sort of bond or something put in
place to address this that would be a
longstanding for the for the life of the
project um um I think my other concern
is that by doing this project through
the school instead of through the town
if you look at the specification for the
project it's going to generate about 1.5
times what they're actually trying to
estimate based on the roof pitch and
size of the system I know this because
I've designed a bunch of these um and uh
where's that all that extra electricity
going to go it could be going to offset
the public works department and the
community center in the town hall but
because this is being done through the
school you won't have the option of
doing that it's a town building it
should have been a town project from day
one which I brought up when I was on the
school board um this by doing it this
way you're shortening the
town um the other concern I have is that
there's no specifications for the
installations on the roof most
importantly you have a million dollar
project and I don't see competitive bids
anywhere which is part of the
requirement for any Town project school
or otherwise so just uh there seems to
be some some missing things in
there thank
you um did I miss anyone uh Roberta uh
Dy nothing at this time thank you okay
is there um one second
Elaine
Bart public
speak okay hi sorry
I I lost track of time I apologize um no
I'm I'm just gonna be listening tonight
thanks a lot okay uh is there anyone
that I missed uh Bob hamburger did I
miss
you no I spoke already thank you nothing
to add okay
[Music]
um all right if I didn't miss anyone if
I miss anyone please come off mute
quickly and then you can speak or we're
going to move
on okay uh we're going to go to item uh
three additions and changes to the
agenda yeah Jeff I'd like to add under
new business uh 14 uh
G uh discussion on on solar I not solar
um it's rested on EV
um EV station at the uh Town Hall EV
charging
station okay anything else um it might
be under old business but I'd like to
try to discuss the blate and what's been
what's been going on with BL I know Eric
is not here so we may want to continue
that to the next meeting so
uh do we we have a
blight section in the packet don't we do
yeah yeah I'm just more concerned about
that Long Hill
property I mean we can discuss it and
that's that's not a big deal so um do
that under thir uh it's actually there
13B right okay okay is there anything
else anyone else
all right I make a motion that we add
14e EV charging station discussion to
the
agenda
seconded all those in favor I
I
okay okay so uh as everybody knows Eric
is not um he's on vacation had this
planned so we're going to just move
through this uh item uh four is board
and commission presentations uh I did
not see any in the packet when I
received it anyone else have anything on
there they want to talk about any of the
other boards and
commissions okay uh item five
appointments and
resignations uh I Was Made not made
aware of any appointments or
resignations that we need to consider at
this
meeting okay item six uh Town
Administrator report in our packet
under
Pages um three and four and
uh does anyone want me to share my
screen on these things does it make any
sense I mean some of the stuff I will
but
um well let's just go through Eric's
I'll go through it uh Town Hall
operations cleaning of the building is
in good shape uh Willie and Susan are
doing a great job I greatly appreciate
the effort that those two put in to keep
the town hall and the buildings clean so
uh again Eric on vacation he's returning
the 19th he left a uh set of items to
sit there and deal with uh while he's on
vacation so I will be dealing with Chris
in the finance office on a few items and
make myself available for what needs to
get out while Eric's away um he has some
items that all in the agenda
he wants to uh receive authorization
from the board to expend money for the
bridge and Culvert fund and the Bunker
Hill Bridge fund to pay for uh initial
project costs as we get reimbursed it's
something we have to discuss uh related
to federal and state reimbursements on
that project um he wants us to authorize
a test grow from um the senior center to
uh submit a grant for a new senior trans
Transportation vehicle it'll be a direct
replacement of the van that we're having
some issues with um it does require a
20% Grant uh uh match for the town but
something we should vote on uh I believe
it's
under it is under 11 I mean 14 old uh
new business okay yeah all right
um the other part he put in our packet
uh information regarding the grand list
the state is changing the way that motor
vehicles are uh valued doing a uh a Ste
down depreciation from uh the initial
retail value of a car that we purchase
going down by 5% multiple years so
there's two opportunities for the set of
the grand list and how we deal with them
so he's asking us to make a decision one
is a larger step down and one is a
smaller steps down so we just need to
vote on that we also need to talk about
the ram budget which is also in our uh
our packet we should vote on that to
move that forward to the board of
Finance um and he's also requesting that
we vote on and give approval for the
$220,000 to authorize for the Fire
Commission and the replacement of the
the counters in the cabinets uh in the
fire
department um
other than that he's sitting there going
through and and I'll just for the
benefit of the community if they don't
have access to the packet um the kitchen
in the community center is largely done
he's got some things that he wants to
fix when he gets back there um there's
some Congressional Appropriations that
we were promised that it doesn't appear
that we're going to be receiving because
of the budget hold and where they're at
federally in Washington so the vo phone
has been installed at the community
center for the benefit of the director
the acoustic panels have all gone up in
the community room and in the uh
Community
Center
um the town clerk he has nothing to
report we have some items on the agenda
to discuss related to that town
assessor's office
um that he wants to talk about the gram
list related to
that finance office is in the middle of
the
audit uh is zbo has a the report in our
packet um Town engineer is zba
application for a pavilion at vet at
Veterans Park
appending um Scott and an can speak to
that and if you have any information on
that would you like to add to that
part um
The
Pavilion is within the 50 Foot sack back
on from the Road Riverside Drive and
there's no other place to put it this is
one time that there really has a uh
some he that needs to go through so
we're just going to go to uh zba and
talk to them about it okay but there's
only one place to put it it's only you
know it's within five or six feet of
where it's supposed to be and there's
one place to put it on that high
mountain there going to go to CBA and
ask them for the
or appr approval right
okay um Public Works there's a report in
the packet at the back um Bunker Hill uh
Bridge closure expected April 1st uh
that is something that we need to get
with Eric and make sure that he gets
that information communicated out to the
people who are going to be impacted by
that closure
um The Long Hill bridge design is is in
process and has signed off on a 30% uh
design phase
um close Jensen has been acquired by vbh
so there's going to be some changes to
the engineering side of
that
so um nlj has done the borings on the
Bola Ridge Bridge or the Bola Road
Culvert um on Lake Road so that is
moving forward uh Safety Committee and
ongoing meetings Capital Improvements
and packet of three quotes for Cabinetry
and the replacement of
countertops
okay
um oops I'm sorry Marcy apologize for
not getting to
you okay any questions or anything that
you guys want address related to the
town administrator's report or anything
we need to address with him when he gets
back no I just like to Echo Dian
grenier's comments uh that Public Works
had a huge mess to clean up on Long Hill
and be swamp and they were working on it
all day today two large pine trees and
um you know they they knocked it out
today and you can't even really tell
except for the guard rail damage that
there was a major incident there so uh
kudos to them for for the hard work that
they put in
today
yeah anyone
else okay uh item uh seven uh discussion
and possible action on a petition filed
February 19th for special election to
fill a board of selectman vacancy um
that petition is in our packet uh those
petitions uh they were filed I'm
extremely U happy that our our community
could file petitions because that was uh
an issue related to one of the items in
uh our Charter revision everybody was
complaining about filing petitions but
it didn't seem to matter uh petitions
got done uh those petitions were
uh
and I'll sit there and I'll tell you
what let's uh let's sit there and do
this one
second don't want to do that
try to do this
easily so let's see what we can
do okay so
um just so everybody can see this these
were the the types of petitions that
were collected all the signatures were
verified by the assistant Tom clerk um
not all of them were approved and
um uh just as a question uh is Carol Lee
on the
call
okay okay so je Jeff I believe she is
just give her a minute to
answer yeah no problem I mean I don't
have anything right now but I I did ask
her to be on the call this afternoon
when I spoke to her this morning so um
anyway this is the statute for everyone
to sit there and see related
to what the petitions were filed against
so uh this statute
922 sits there and um so let's explain
to everybody what was going on when this
was initially done and the vacancy
became uh available August 19th so Paula
resigned
um the process that everyone believed we
were we were going to be following or we
would follow and we had followed in the
past was related to section 208 of the
charter
the charter sits there and uh gives each
board their opportunity to sit there and
uh appoint a candidate or a replacement
to an individual that resigns at that
point in time right around that same
time we had three different resignations
from the three major boards within the
town we had a resignation from the Board
of Education a resignation from the
board of finance and a resignation from
the board of Selectmen so there were
three different positions available all
of the other boards according to our
Charter have 60 days to F to to fill a
position or the appointment of that
position comes to the board of Selectmen
to
fill
um but basically with our Charter and
the home rule that it relates to uh the
board of Selectmen did not or the town
did not put a timeline on the board of
Selectmen so that is how it was
progressed and went through the process
so in the past the board of selectman
has has come to a reasonable conclusion
I mean the last time this happened was
when
uh when in
2019 Paula was appointed to the board
that appointment was based upon the
compromise from the the Democrats on the
committee which were Eric Anderson Jeff
Maguire and Scott pan to sit there and
uh
make Eric Anderson the Town
Administrator and for doing that the
compromise that was agreed upon was that
we would appoint a Republican and to
give the Republicans a majority on the
board and the only request from R end
from Scott and I was to make it uh point
a female so that we had some female
representation on the board so that's
what happened in
2019 at that point in time Jeff Murray
was on the board and so was Adrien
mandaville and Paul PA was the third
Republican that was put on our board and
um that was a great appointment so now
we're in the situation where we have uh
we have not been able to come to an
agreement and we now have a petition
that's being filed under the statute
um I will tell you Carol did not know
that this this statute was available at
the time of Paula's resignation the town
attorney did not know that this statute
was available at the time of Paul's
resignation because everybody was under
the impression we were going to deal
with the charter and how the charter
sits there and equates now we're into uh
an extended period of time which I
apologize related to not appointing but
this is where we're at we're dealing
with it but this statute according to my
reading of this had many different
things that were required to sit there
and be done in a timely fashion to B
basically be able to comply with this
statute we did not do any of them and
now we're in a point where we're we're
sitting there and Pi cherry-picking
different apps uh options related to
this so I'm just saying to you that this
is the statute that's been selected
related to the petition I'm just telling
you that I don't believe that this
statute applies that's not to sit there
and say that there's not a statute that
applies for a given election just not
the statute so that's my opinion and so
I realize that uh my friends that have
done this are
are they're not going to agree with that
so I'm laying it out there for the
community and for everybody else to
understand here's the statute it's not a
long statute please read it please
understand what the statute says and you
know we need to sit there and make
some some decisions to make this process
Fair
so anybody got any questions about the
statute or want to talk about the
statute in any
way well drop the statute I mean when we
appointed Paula this statute would have
came into play because if the town of
Andover and the the citizens in town did
not like our appointment the statute
does
apply so they could they could have
petitioned for a special election but
the whole point is we haven't appointed
any so this whole statute the waying
doesn't apply Jee if we haven't
appointed anybody it says there's a
vacancy in in the town competition and
that's what we that's what I I signed
the petition and other people have too
so bar barring barring a judge and a
injunction this election is gonna is
gonna stay and it's gonna it's going to
progress okay so we I'll take that I got
it so um now let's talk about the
fairness of this election all right so
let's talk about the process that we are
now in so this is the next section
Section 8 discuss possible action on
notice February 20th by the assistant
town clerk scheduling special election
scheduled for April 11th 2025 to fill
the board of Selectmen vacancy so
um uh as you know and and and I did not
send this to the town clerk so you know
I I will I didn't send it back to the
assistant town clerk I did not send it
back to Carol when I received the notice
uh I sent an email out to all the
members stating that we just needed to
understand the ground rules for this
election and that I requested that no
notices be put out into the public so
that we could come to a resolution if
we're going to have an election let's do
it right and and sit there and be
appropriate
so
uh you know I I emailed you Jeff Murray
when the notice came out that we were
having election I said what's the
process and you told your response to me
in the email was that you were not
engaged in this and
it was it was outside of of you right so
legally you're not the responsible party
I get it okay yeah yeah Jee I was
actually in Florida for the week that
this petition was circulated so well you
signed I got back and signed it on the
last day before it was filed okay when
that that morning when I got back I
signed one of the petitions correct okay
understood and and but I was more
interested in when I get a special
notice from the town assistant town
clerk
um and and just so we're aware and let's
all be clear the assistant town clerk is
still taking all of her instruction and
direction from Carol Lee and who has all
the experience in dealing with the
secretary of state and everything else
so just to be clear this is where the
direction is coming from and what's
being done and and just understanding
that this is this has nothing to do with
the assistant town clerk so I want
everybody Jeff Jeff that's not
necessarily true because Carol Le was on
in January 1 and she's been an advisory
role to her but Britney now is the
acting town clerk as the assistant so
that is not true okay okay all right I
will I will keep that understanding
so
um so I went in today to sit there and
ask the town clerk's office uh what is
the process for the election and
I I spoke to Carol and there was on the
board there was something on the wall
related to the Tom Clerk and this is
this is the um um this is the notice
that's in the paper so interested in
filling board vacancies any Andover
elector interested in being coming a
candidate on the April 11th special
election ballot for the board of
selectman vacan she should call the
Secretary of State's office at 860 9100
voting will take place Friday April 11th
from 6:00 a.m. 6:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. in
the community room of the Town Hall so I
called that number this morning because
this was the first day that we were
available to call uh I got the front
desk of the Secretary of State's office
I got a uh a voicemail for atfy wac
um sorry I'm gonna I gotta look that one
up one second and I did not get a return
phone call so I'm just letting you know
that that is what was provided so I I
went in and I spoke to Carol about this
and um Taffy Wick yes I went in to speak
to Carol about this and Carol then uh
sit sat there and directed the assistant
Tom Clerk or the acting Tom clerk
however to make some changes to the
notice that was going up on the board
and in the meantime Carol provided us
provided me some information and to be
really to be candid I had the town
attorney who should have been engaged in
this from the beginning because in my
mind this is an extremely complex matter
should okay je let me interrupt for a
second
um the discussions with the town
attorney did you CC the rest of the
board with these discussions because you
should have no I I called him well did
you email them and include the rest of
the for the discussion I didn't and all
I did was call him Jeff and say can you
please talk to Carol well did you ask
for opinion on this statute I have not
asked for an opinion okay I'm just I'm
just asking when we when you engage a
town attorney you should include the
rest of the board of Selectmen on that
discussion I will I will make that I
will put that in my information bank but
yes I called him and I was speaking to
him directly so um you know do I do I
want to ask him for an opinion sure I
would love to but let's talk just just
to cover us for foi rules we should uh
everything should be covered in writing
and email and then should cover the rest
of the board of Selectmen I'm sure all
of the conversations are included in
that so the aners the answer is all all
my all my discussions with you have been
over email and so if anybody wants to
have a why any of our discussions they
can certainly do that so when we had our
phone all that was all
in I mean we had a conversation over
solar panels was that is that that's
what we did we that's how it should work
that's how this whole thing should work
we should talk and communicate and make
a decision anyway I just Jee I just want
to put this out there so the public
understands the whole transaction and
what's upod I'm just I'm just correcting
on a few things that's all yeah okay I
gotta so that's the notice that's in the
paper that notice has now been changed
to direct phone calls to a Taffy omac at
the Secretary of State's office to allow
us to fill a vacancy so um the other
information that Carol provided this
morning was that there was an attorney
um an
attorney Mr Mr Bernie Leo Leo um and
that attorney was at the Secretary of
State's office and uh there was some
information that uh
you know he provided to to Carol in in
dealing with the petition and how the
petition should be dealt with so uh
again Jeff I had the attwn attorney
today contact Mr Lou to understand what
the criteria was for this and I sat
there and uh and and if you want you can
you can have attorney O'Brien talk I
I'll sit there and I'll gladly let him
talk yeah I'm just I'm just concerned
that there's some discussions going on
that is not um including the whole Board
of Selectmen well as it it just it just
kind of it just kind of smells like
there's some kind
of oh my goodness something smelling and
you're GNA sit there and say the chief
executive of the Town talking to the
town attorney when none of this
information was made public or allowed
to be uh public so that we could have a
fair and free election because that's
what we should all be working toward I
mean I mean interrupt you but I mean
this is the most fair and free Pro this
is the most fair and free process that
we could actually ever hope for okay you
wantan everybody I mean if if and if
you're if you're trying here here no no
no I just want can I finish please sure
I would just like to you know say that
you know I can see Kimberly pan is on I
know she was a petitioning candidate in
the last election And discussing it with
her the process was extremely easy it
was a minimal amount of signatures if
anybody in this town wants to get on the
ballot for the selectman they are more
than welcome to go on okay this is not a
closed election or is not some kind of
conspiracy it's it's it's it's a free
open election and it's going to be
anybody can run and the town the public
anybody that's a registered voter can
decide who this person is gonna be okay
I'm with you if that's the case that's
the case I'm
good there's no there's no issue
whatsoever and if you want to talk to
Kim Kim is on this meeting if you want
to no I I want to I mean if we did this
by our Charter and we had right timing
no problem here's what we here's what
was received today this was given
provided by Carol to the town attorney
and this is this is the agenda this is
basically the opinion and the direction
I'm understanding that we dealt with
that this group dealt with this entire
thing and if you look at this like I
don't understand the dates and how they
all come into play but basically this is
this is what we're trying to deal with
uh there's political party and party
rules related to the Republican party
because this is supposed to be a
republican candidate you're supposed to
do the endorsement and so so that's all
by March 6 the ballot the printing of
absentee ballot happens on March
6th today's the 10th
Jeff so you tell me how this is free and
accurate that's that's Secretary of
State's filing provided by Carol Lee to
the town attorney today
that's that's I'd rather see I'd ra can
can we get can we get Carol Le or the
the assistant Tom clerk on here to
clarify this because I asked Carol to be
on so and I believe she joined yep she
is
on Carol you're more than welcome to
speak can you hear me yes okay because
you couldn't hear me on my phone I was
screaming yes sorry about that I'm sorry
I don't know what was the matter with it
um so are you talking about the election
calendar that Dennis asked me to fax
over to him correct y unfortunately I do
not have that sitting in front of me so
I do not have any of the dates the only
one that I specifically
remember is that everyone anyone who
would like to petition to be on the
ballot has until March
28th okay don't have absentee ballots
ready at this point in time you can talk
with Wally about that but the new
tabulators are coming in so we are going
to be doing paper ballots so anyone who
is a write-in
candidate someone would write they would
have to get out there get their
petitions in become a wrin candidate and
then their name would be written in on
those ballots a right in candidate
correct
so when you
you so you're telling me that the
ballots would be produced there would be
one name on it the Republic Republican
endorsed candidate Carol Lee that would
be the only name on the ballot and
anyone else that wanted to run would
have to go in as a right in
ballot
correct anybody here on this board think
that's fair
just
asking none of this was shared with us I
a candidate they're a candidate if
they're candidate they're candidate okay
all right um just because I'm not a
lawyer I read these things I read stuff
for work I understand enough of it you
know and can I just add one thing sure
there were petitioning candidates before
Jeff and you know that very well the
first time you were on the ballot mhm as
on the Democratic ticket her it was our
Republican and the two petitioning
candidates won for first
Selectmen and board of Selectmen
so yes petitioning
candidates it can be very fair and we
learned that from experience I I don't
disagree Carol if it's done correctly
and and what I'm trying to get at I'm
trying to get at I'm just basically
dealing with the the issues I may not
believe that the way that we did this
and according to statutes is accurate
but I sit there and I'm going okay if
we're going to do it what is the rules
what is the process explain it Carol I
walked into your office today and I
asked you what the process was and you
told me just to call the Secretary of
State's office that's not free and fair
that's not setting us up for competition
so exactly what I told you was because I
am a candidate on that ballot I am
totally hands off with advising any
candidate as to how many signatures they
need or the process I said that the
correct way is to call the Secretary of
State's office then it can never be
said that I advise someone incorrectly I
would never do that but I'm a candidate
so I'm in a different position with the
advice while you were standing there I
dialed the Secretary of State's office I
had no problem getting Heather who
answered the phone to answer every
single one of my questions because I
said I have someone here who's been
trying to get on as a right-in candidate
and has been telling me that they can't
get through to anybody at the Secretary
of State office office or get any of
their questions answered she answered
every single one of the questions didn't
she she sat there and said how many
signatures we potentially needed because
you were you were speaking to her and
yes Carol you do have the relationships
in with the Department my question to
you and I'll just ask this really what's
right in mean to the public like what
does it mean because the way I I take WR
in is I need to just write in the name
you write the person's name just like if
you're at the Democratic or the
Republican caucus and they're passing
paper ballots you write the name of your
candidate that you would like okay but
person's name is not on the
ballot correct but a list of wrin
candidates is available okay all right
um what you
know okay so this is what was provided
what what I would like to do is I would
just like to sit there and have attorney
O'Brien speak to the differences between
922 and uh I believe it's
9164 uh so if we are going down this
road we understand what it
what should be done and shouldn't be
done legally um if anyone does anyone
disapprove of that I I don't see what is
wrong with this
9222 it seems to me that we have follow
of that exactly and we are ready now to
have the special election okay so so
I'll ask and so uh in the second line of
the of this it sits there and says when
a vacancy incurs in the office of the
first select Min or in the office of the
elment it shall be filled within 30 days
after the date of its occurrence by the
remaining members of the board of
Selectmen said members May appoint one
of themselves to Villa vacancy blah blah
blah right but well no no no let's not
go blah blah blah because it says the
office of first Elman correct or select
so office of first selectman if they so
desire and shall then fill the ensuing
vacancy in the office of selectman as
here and providing and such a vacency in
the office it is not filled within 30
days it goes through process within 10
days after that the town clerk I mean
Jeff if we had followed this right like
listen if we had followed this statute
from the beginning then the elected
Republican officials within this town
because we didn't get to a filling we
couldn't agree on this would have filled
this
vacancy that's what this says no it
doesn't Jeff it doesn't it does it do
not it does not okay so if I read this
and vacancy in the office first SE
office is not filled within 30 days
after the day of its occurrence the town
clerk shall within 10 days here
thereafter Carol did you do that did you
notify anyone yes I do with every single
board in commission when there is a
vacancy I notify both no no no Carol I
understand I understand you notified us
of vacancies I have the emails I I I put
them all together I'm I'm 100% with you
yes Jeff je and not to interrupt Jeff
but we we we got the vacancy notice and
we did endorse three candidates
so I do send out letters to both Town
committee chairs advising them of the
vacancy along with a copy of the letter
of resignation and then a notice is sent
in to the River East to notify the
general public then notices are placed
on the bulletin board and all doors of
the Town Hall no I'm I'm I'm with you I
agree 100% you do that that's not what
I'm asking and that's not what I'm
reading here I'm I'm saying that we
failed to fill the seat within this is
what this statute says we failed to fill
the seat within 30 days the the town
clerk's office within 10 days thereafter
shall notify the elective Town officers
enrolled in the same political party as
the first selectman or selectman as the
case may be who vacated the office or
all elective Town officers you know if
such first or selectman who vacated the
office was not enrolled with a with a
political party and it shall be filled
by such elective Town officers within 60
days after its occurrence so what that's
saying is if the town if the board of
selectman doesn't fill this then it goes
to all the elected officials within the
town that's what this is saying to me
pretty pretty simply and and I'm not
going so now it goes through the process
and it sits there and and the
Republicans because this would been a
republican seat Jeff you guys would have
all the elected officials so everybody
in town that had gone through a campaign
and got voted on by residents would sit
there and would be you would have a
caucus and you would sit there and say
who should fill this seat that's what
this statute says then it sits there and
says if it gets filled and people don't
like it I mean I mean Jeff this says the
term Town officers is using the sex
state representative Town officials who
super about town Birds it says that
right
out come on Jeff what are you talking
about right on the
bottom well where did we miss it because
I'm still reading so this is the term
Town
officers yeah I mean and it also sits
there and says at the bottom that we
have Town charters in the back section
the next page a town
Charter let's just let's just back up
the truck minute for a the spirit of
this like our town Charter covers every
vacancy we know that there's a vacancy
on the board of board of Finance or
there's a board vacancy on the board of
education if those aren't filled within
a timely matter the board of Selectmen
can can fill those seats there's a
reason why that is the board of
selectman vacancy is not in the in this
town Charter because it is covered under
the state statute oh my God please yes
it's it's true no one no one in our town
has ever put a state statute in our
Charter ever like that no because this
is not in our Charter because the state
statute covers yes select okay let's
have the town attorney come on because
I'd rather listen to him talk than I
mean I mean Jeff Jeff Jeff at this point
yeah anything anything other than a
judge and an injunction is going to stop
this election as a board of selectman we
can't stop this election the town
attorney can't stop this election it's
gonna happen if you want no no Jeff if
if you want to stop this election yeah
you want to hire an an attorney to go to
a municipal court and file an injunction
against this election then let's do that
but so you're telling me that what
you're doing here is fair yes it's very
not this is terribly this is ter it's
completely fair fair it's fair and
open you are not allowing any Resident
that would like to run of course
opportunity to do it because because all
you're doing all you see you're
minimizing the fact that let's look at
an election what Carol said before about
Jay and Bob which is where we're going
to right Jay and Bob so so what what
they were sitting there sorry I got to
let some people in um so what you're
dealing with is you're dealing with a
right end that that means that person's
name is not getting on the ballot so
what opportunity they have when Jay and
Bob did it they did it within our
Charter they did it within the T
Secretary of State's time so their names
got printed on the
ballot so so Jeff let me just ask a
question yeah let's just say that RTC
nominated another candidate Carol Lee
was a WR in yeah do you think Carol Lee
would get elected it doesn't
matter I don't know who I don't know who
maybe a qualified candidate will be out
there to sit there for a second I just
want to ask that question because in the
paper you've been quoted to say if
carolly ran for this seat she would get
overwhelmingly elected if carolly was a
right-in candidate would she get
elected I don't think she would get
elected if somebody else's name was on
the ballot and people showed up because
her name wouldn't be on the
ballot so you have to get listen you're
you're you're talking about a situation
where it's either fair or not fair and
that's where I'm coming from with Rel
related to because no no
oneir this Jee anybody can vote for
whoever they want whoever they want it's
completely fair and transparent it's
what I'm hearing is it I think what she
Carol been saying is that you're going
to have a list right there when you go
in to vote you'll have a list of all the
possible people that have put their
names in so people will see every single
person that has petitioned whether it be
one or 20 and then they can write down
the person they want to get in but they
will see all the names and they can
choose from those names and that is fair
that's not fair this not this is not
even close to being fair so okay um
attorney o'ri to quickly quickly uh if
you can
sir you got to unmute
Dennis Dennis what phone number are
you 2456
wow a lot more people are showing
up
okay let me find that out
info 2435
attorney O'Brien if you can sit there
and hear me uh you know you can sit
there and come
on but anyway I don't want to really
hold up everybody here and at some point
in time Dennis will come on let's
uh let's see and Jeff let's make one
thing clear the attorney's opinion is an
opinion and it doesn't overrule the
process and what I said before if
anybody would like to stop this election
including you yeah you can you can you
can hire an attorney and petition the
court to issue an injunction if we have
followed
this if I and anybody else in this town
has done something that's inappropriate
and a judge rule judge a rule that's
that's our I understand Jeff what you
mean by when you say we I do get that so
understood I'm I'm with you I mean I
signed the petition I'm I know we I got
it so here was also just so everybody
can be aware and you know there's a lot
of uh so we're GNA we're going to move
on to this and I'm sure that the town
attorney will figure out his computer
issues later um um so I just wanted to
also go over the timing of everything
just so everybody has this in front of
them so all the members of the public
please understand that you know how this
process has been run you can look at the
timing of the resignation the timing of
the RTC uh appointments you can sit
there and look at all of the the misstep
s that that happened in here related to
um us trying to get someone appointed
and uh all of the issues that are out
there related to uh uh timing because
you know there's been a lot of of
communication that um
that I I have all these everything I so
I spent the time and the energy to sit
there and document everything I have all
the emails everything that's there so
everybody can sit there and go through
the timing as to what you want and you
can notice that the the first RTC
endorsement was done six days after the
resignation so there was really no
effort to sit there and publicize the
position uh and get it out there so that
a wide range of people could apply and
we did get a lot of good people that
applied a lot of good people and a lot
of people I voted for a lot of
Republicans as I've said before so um
letting everybody know uh related to uh
the town clerk's uh resignation so the
town clerk item nine the town clerk did
submit uh a a notice to the Secretary of
State's office uh signed by the
assistant Tom clerk it was filed on uh
the 18th of February a day before the um
uh the petitions were filed so just to
let everybody know all the communication
that was going back and forth how it is
so just so I'm just so we're all clear
as to what we're doing and where we're
at
[Music]
um and I still just don't agree with the
uh I still don't agree with the process
there's no process related to this no
rules uh this is not following what our
Charter would this is not following a
standard election um it's just not there
uh we have to uh deal with item 10 which
is a discussion reporting uh potential
employment of Carol Lee in the town
clerk's office as an advisor I'm
thinking this is something that we
should wave until we sit there and get
our new member appointed or elected um
because this is going to be an issue
related to the entire town back uh when
I first got engaged within the town in
2015 we had multiple members in the
board of Selectmen that were getting
paid uh it didn't work out really well
for the town at that point in time uh if
we're going to sit there and put forth
an employment contract for Carol there's
got to be limitations in it and there's
got to be a timeline so I'm just letting
everybody know that I don't expect us to
do a contract with her today uh Eric had
initially wanted to do the contract and
I told him it was not his responsibility
to sit there and do that contract so uh
we need to sit there and uh uh deal with
that so um again I skipped this one I
skipped the resignation so
[Music]
um I skipped this one this is but this
is for everybody there if they want any
of the documentation any of the emails
uh I'd be sure to provide them uh this
Jeff I'm not meaning to interrupt here
but what's your point what's your point
here oh I just want to make sure
everybody in town understands this Jeff
because there's certain information
that's being presented out there that
Scott and I are unwilling to compromise
or unwilling to vote for uh qualified
candidates it's just the problem Jeff is
that we just have not voted for the
Republican Town committee endorsed
candidates that's that's understood and
the board of selectman has not in six
months decided on a candidate yeah have
not I wanted everybody to understand
because
I can you please let me finish please
please let me finish please don't
interrupt me I mean we spent six months
trying to find a candidate I mean the
town and the and the residents in this
town have took it upon themselves to get
this petition together and they want to
select the next uh debate they want to
select the vacancy they want to select
that person and they have the right to
do that and I want to give them that
right and I just don't see where this is
going and what's your point on this
whole that's okay conversation good um
so I wanted to sit there and let
everybody know that uh these are the
various votes that we took and the
various nominations were there you can
sit there and see who nominated who who
voted yes I should have really put up
the the Jeff Murray Republican I should
have put Republican Democrat Democrat
Democrat so in in all of these cases uh
you know Jeff would vote Yes Ann would
vote Yes Scott and I would vote no and
then the next one would come around Joe
Godwin was a qualified candidate Jeff
voted no and voted no I voted yes SC
voted yes so on down the line so we
postponed the meeting because we didn't
want uh the November vote because we
didn't want to know that Alicia Lee was
on the on the ballot or the Republican
endorsed candidate before the election
so that occurred then we got to the
December we voted Alicia went up and
this is the one that really bothers me
you know Alicia you know we were we were
working through Jeff Murray and Jeff
Murray did didn't want to revote on
anyone that was there so he endorsed he
nominated Alicia Lee the vote went yes
yes no no and then he nominated Bea
gamsky another Republican he voted no
and voted no Scott and I voted yes to
try to get it so in all of these cases
in the way that this all worked out um I
have voted for as many Republicans as
Jeff Murray has voted for so just let me
interrupt just let me interrupt again
what what is the point of all this it's
just letting the public know Jeff the je
this information the information this is
a public forum and this is what we're
doing I know but this has been out there
for everybody's been attending these
meetings they know what's happening why
are we reing this because
because even when we sit there and look
at the River East it doesn't have it
correct because the issue in the River
East is that Scott and I are just
stonewalling this which the answer is
not we're not stonewalling anything we
voted yes for people we voted yes for
rep and and that's your point but now
we're going to have an election and it's
going to be decided so let's just move
on we'll move F so um so we also have uh
still in the process we have um a vacant
position and we had a candidate that uh
wanted to sit there and uh fill the
position and I believe that it's
appropriate that we sit there and give
that individual an opportunity and if
Kathy D roers is available Kathy uh if
you would like to sit there and speak
you can if you choose not to I totally
understand interrupt again Jeff do we
advertise for this
yes we've advertised remember Jee we've
been advertising for six months well we
have an election now and this even if we
appointed anybody tonight it's going to
be over it's gonna be overruled on April
11th with the news okay let's do
it hi my name I'm I'm not gonna vote I'm
gonna be a no vote because I'm gonna
wait for the election if understand Jeff
I expect if Kathleen D roers wants if
Kathleen D roers wants to run for that
spot she can petition on thank you Jeff
yeah appreciate that so um just threw my
head in uh for this position since uh
three times uh this board has denied
three different or many candidates but
three different uh meetings where um
people were not voted in so um I decided
you know I have the
experience I have been on the board of
Selectmen for eight years served on the
board of Finance uh between clerking and
chairing the board and being a member
for 20 years I understand the process I
can figure out the mill rate um done a
lot of uh I am a registered Republican
lived in town 40 years and uh just
thought I would you know be a candidate
that maybe these all four of you could
somehow agree on I can see that will
never be uh the point that you're at at
this uh meeting tonight it's it's a sad
a sad Point um but it is where you are
uh So currently I serve as the
chairperson for the board of library and
also on beautification again I was just
threw my hat in the ring here to help
this is a two-year uh I believe that's
left on this uh position and uh just
trying to make a smooth transition
before this got out of control the way
it has mushroomed into you know um a
political nightmare for the town
and uh the taxpayer uh so but with that
I I do understand where everybody's
coming from um I do wish you the best if
uh you know you you need anything any
consideration uh any anything done on
the board I would be more than happy to
help out um I also when I was on the
board of Selectmen we went through the
whole practice and I know Dennis is I
can see Dennis is on this now of getting
the Town Administrator which uh was a
big deal and it you can see now that uh
we were able to move the town from Board
of Selectmen to having a Town
Administrator work with the board of
Selectmen how valuable that Miss was and
is I mean you know the work that the
Town Administrator does is amazing and
uh the money he brings in 13.8 million
we have bridges that uh when I was on
the board of Selectmen um you know
weren't looked at um Public Works was
not a priority the roads were not a
priority the equipment was allowed to um
you know we we had equipment they were
repairing fixing more than it was even
being used at the time uh so this board
was a really good healthy board um but
now with the the divide that you have
it has really you know you've created a
big um a big problem in town so that's
unfortunate but again I sent this in for
a two-year time period that Paula you
know when she left there was two years
left that's why I did this I was hoping
to be able to bridge this rather than
create the issues that have been created
so um thank you for your time and you
know I do wish you all the best thank
you anyone have any questions for
Kathy Kathy I have one for you Kathy did
you ever go to the RTC and ask to be
endorsed I did and the r RTC will not
endorse me um I was I have been told
that I um am considered a spender which
um was very very insulting and
hurtful um because I voted for on um
April 23rd 2025 we had a town meeting
regarding a tractor that uh was ahead of
I think it was a a year ahead of the um
timeline that Public Works brought
before the town at Mo and um anyways
there were uh 76 people in attendance at
that meeting and 42 people voted yes for
that tractor it's not Kathy der roa's
tractor but it's 42 people out of
76 that agreed after listening to the
public works presentation that this
tractor was necessary plus because we
bought it a year early it saved the town
$30,000 I don't consider that a spender
I consider that a good decision
okay all right anyone
else all right I'm GNA nominate Kathy D
roas for the position of a selectman uh
on our
board this is to fill the role till
April 11th
correct uh depending upon where we're at
so oh that's that's according to the
state statute Okay then if that's the
state statute and that's what happens
well let's fill the position
I'll
second
okay any further
discussion all those in favor I
I all those
opposed okay I'm waiting for the
election if she wants to petition on she
can definitely she's welcome to
petition I love it all right so that is
uh what we're trying to deal with for
the public so that you can all
understand what we're dealing with all
right je Jeff can you please explain to
that because I'm waiting for the
election I'm going to let the public
decide who our next selectman is and I
really don't appreciate your comments
Jeff that's why we differ I sitting
there I know but Jeff we can disagree
but you I don't not like the snide
comments it's it's not
appropriate
please so that's side comment that this
is what we deal with is a snide comment
I think it's actually the truth I'm
sitting there expressing to the
community the truth of what I've had to
deal with for this period of time and
what the rest of you all have had to
deal with in our different ways we have
differing opinions in where we're at so
je no no no Jee not interrupting but so
do you have a problem with letting the
public the residents of this town decide
who our next select person is you know I
don't Jeff and and to be really honest I
had told Scott that we should all go and
we should all have an election elect the
entire Board of Selectmen let's reelect
the entire Board of Selectmen right now
let's do it right let's do it in
accordance with our Charter I will
submit to that Jeff Jeff the way that I
look at it Scott was the highest vote
getter on our board I was
second Paula was third you were fourth
Ann was fifth I'll take my chances the
public voted for Scott and I you know
we're not sitting here trying to be uh
you know a problem I would sit there and
I will flat out tell you we want to sit
there and come to a resolution and a
process that that gets us all on a on a
ballot and we all have an election have
at it because I don't Jeff Jeff I don't
represent I don't I I represent
everybody but I'm not really considering
the people at the the far left and the
far right that deal with us I'm dealing
with the 1800 people in the middle and
the positive things we've done for this
community yes you really want to talk
about Fair that's fair 1500 people want
to they want an election and they want
to vote I'm okay I'll put do it let's
put us all on it and and I just don't
understand I'm going to say this right
now I just don't understand what this
Witch Hunt against Carol Lee you have
going on wit hunt this not a witch Jeff
je you're going around you have had a
plan related to this person since it
became available within six days you put
someone forth there an Creet has a plan
she has she her whole situation is is
dealt with with related to the board of
education and the chair people of the
the DTC I mean Jeff I'm just telling you
I sit there and I have a conversation
with an cre and within five minutes a
text goes back to Scott person telling
Scott Pon not to not to vote for a
potential candidate for for the the the
the Republican B Bata gamsky that's the
email came back and and you know what
that person said in the text that person
said hey Scott you shouldn't vote for
because she's she's got kids in the
school that she's a PTA Mom that she
won't she will cause problems with the
community because of the budget for the
school board that is unacceptable to me
and if anybody would like to see the
text I will gladly show you because
that's the stuff that bothers me this
whole thing is is not is a is a plan
from the get-go it is not a this is
Washington DC and that's what it is
Jeffrey Washington DC why this is wide
open it's wide open and transparent Jeff
oh it is lack transparency since the
get-go you never even came and spoke to
me one time every person I brought you
Jeff Murray every person I brought you
you sat there and said they're too close
to you what does that mean too close to
me it is because you know why this is
why I'm supporting Carol and you want to
know why I'm supporting Carol why Carol
has the support of Democrats she has the
support of indep unaffiliated Voters and
she has the support of Republicans if
you talk to anybody about Carol Carol is
very neutral Carrie listen Carol listens
to people and Carol is very
understanding and she will make good
decisions for this town she's been in
this town for a long time and what you
have done to her and the way you have
tried to basically Target her is just
it's it's almost like bullying Jeff it's
oh my God you talk about bully talking
about bullying you talking about
bullying okay so if I haven't bullied
anybody I've been pulling I've been
pulling for a fair transparent election
ever since we hit a stalemate after the
third time okay that's my position
that's your position okay and I
understand Jeff that I sit there and I
look at it in a in a a very simple way
you knew that Mr King would have trouble
getting on the board you were mad at me
for not voting for Mr King and Jeff je
I'm GNA relitigate all of them Jeff let
me stop I was even at the RTC when they
endorsed Stephen K please you keep
saying like that
how many people are on the Republican
Town
committee it it wasn't my vote I was how
many people are on the Republican Town
committee when this all started we have
a lot of new members so I don't know we
added new members he added new members
okay did you add Kathleen to roer no we
did not and that was it was it was a
vote because she was not people didn't
want her on the board do you know that
kathen D roers in the
2015 election was the highest vote
getter that's fine and she can petition
on in this election if she would like
okay the the RT the RTC it was I'm just
and just and Jeff just like you said
earlier I am just one vote of many
understood and she was by by majority
she was not voted on well you know I I
sit there guire I would like to say
something about the RTC I'm in the
chairman no listen listen Carol when you
would like to speak at the end of the
meeting Carol
just je Jeff if you're going to attack
the RTC she should speak she's a
chairman I I asked you one question how
many people are on the RTC I didn't
attack the RTC I asked you how many let
Carol answer that then please I'm asking
you Jeff I this is not an open public
discussion Carol Le is the chairman
Carol Le knows who the exact car is not
the chairman of the RTC part of the RT
part of the
RTC yeah sorry I misspoke she can she
can talk she can talk in public that's
how it works so well then let's move on
so let's move on let's move on let's
move on then please okay all right old
business uh item a community center
scientist discussion has been too many
things going on I haven't gotten to it I
apologize uh 13B discussion of blight
and level of involvement uh let me sit
there and get to that information on the
packet here we go level of involvement
and blight anyone have any questions
Jeff you wanted to talk about the Long
Hill
property yeah it just seems we kind of
hit a stalemate with that it seems like
it's the whoever purchased it gutted the
property it's just a stone shell right
now there's brush there's a trailer
there's they basically left a mess and
it doesn't seem like anything's been
going on for the last six to eight
months so we really need to get after
that o that property owner and get that
property cleaned up it's just a complete
eyesore which one is it one or one 248
243 243
243 all right when Eric returns we will
sit there and make that a request sit
there and have him try to move that
along with the zoning and blight
enforcement officer thank you
yeah uh item 13 c a solar at AES um that
is on our agenda for
uh um
the town meeting uh there is one thing
related to the solar at AES I believe
that
um I believe that the contract was
signed by the Board of Education already
which it shouldn't have been so there
has to be some amendment to that
contract so if nobody in the uh nobody
on the board of Minds I will sit there
and and request that something be
drafted related to the town attorney so
that can get done um
again and then we really need to take
into account the issues that Adrien
addressed
um and is Adrien still on the phone I
just simply because he was involved in
that uh issue uh we need the warranty
and I don't know if Eric's ever provided
the warranty to the solar
contractor anybody on this call know
that Adrian you still on the
call he may not have the that we'll get
him later Scott but does anyone any of
the board members know if Eric provided
the warranty no not that I'm aware of I
would have seen
it okay I didn't see and and I that
comment that Adrian had about an RFP I
mean it's not it didn't go out to uh a
bid or anything like that because it was
a grant and it's not costing the school
or the town anything so that's why there
was no RFP
they didn't hire
anybody so that was the correction I
wanted to
make correction
okay
um what what is the purchasing
policy is does this follow the
purchasing policy that's all i'
ask well nothing's being
purchased well there is a there is a
capital liability on this so we need to
put a dollar number on it and figure out
where it falls above the water line or
below the waterline as a capital
purchase because the if I mean the the
the penalties for
the if we default on and the penalties
if we cancel this contract are quite
high so that's one that's one concern I
have I mean what Adrian brought what
what Adrian brought up to me the one
thing that I sat there and I besides the
warranty issuing paying 10% extra so an
extra 40,000 to get a 50-year warranty
which is one part but the other part
that he sat there and
said and and Jeff you you and and Dennis
had a meeting with so with the gentleman
um is this project going to produce more
um more power that we should be
dispersing across the town I mean at
least across the the the the parking lot
to the community center into the town
hall and a half times per per the
meeting no but Adrian
says it's one and a half times
so we probably need to get that nailed
down before Thursday's
meeting okay um that in the roof in the
roof warranty we need to figure that out
I would hate to Avid that
warranty
right I mean I I just heard about this
just now so this is this is all news to
me new to me I mean so but
Adrian was on the you know I believe at
that point in time you and Adrian were
on the board of finance and he was
engaged
as you know he was almost the clerk of
the works on that project so he was he
was heavily engaged in it so um we'll
get with him later and actually try to
find that warranty so we can understand
what's
up okay there still isn't anything about
how that's going to be attached to the
roof if it's ballasted or you know how
it's going to be attached yet on
contract no we'll we'll have to sit
there there's there's there's a
tremendous amount of issues that we need
to deal with related to that um and if
that's if that's not even on there how
could they come up with a contract
price well my whole thing is I know they
need the warranty I know that I have
asked Eric to provide that to the
chairperson of the the board of
education so that she could provide it
back to the contractor because that's a
big issue related to them um
but we we're going to have to get that
warranty in the next couple days
so all right uh the kitchen
uh in our packet there's there's
information on
page I
sorry too many
computers what page is that those quotes
So Eric basically is asking us to
approve the
$20,000 for the kitchen for the quotes
that were provided and there's one quote
from
uh uh
the Kelly for de Kelly Kelly for debt so
there is a Kelly for Deb quote that you
know with some additions is going to end
up being about 18,000 and these are the
cabinets but so um
this would go into the fire
department so plus labor
um so Jeff you had asked for three
quotes when this came up first time do
you have any problem with any of the
quotes that were provided and what we
should sit there and authorize Eric to
sit there and spend related to this I'm
taking I'm taking a look right now I
know you had your screen shared before
but I'm trying to scroll through now and
catch up here where we're page 33 okay
thank you
yeah so 33 it starts at page
31 it looks like everything was pretty
much competitive bid for for like
items yeah I'm just wondering
why we're going with Kelly fet since
they're the
highest they're the highest of the three
I think Kelly foret actually revised
back down here to okay I'm just looking
at the top I'm looking at no no problem
I I I'm with you because I didn't see
the $8,000 that he referenced but on
page 33
uh it adds the labor and a reduction in
the cabinets and the granite why is
there tax in it there should be no tax
Municipal
right that'll come off no that's a
different
total so
1,823 59 plus 6200 for labor is 18, 2359
so the math didn't even
work yeah I'm just wondering if these
other ones include tax or
not I meaning that's still significantly
higher than Dean cabry or B
Wards well the one question I have and
I'm assuming that this is internal
labor I don't know who's doing the labor
is Kelly fet doing the
install I would assume
so they probably have some Carpenters
they probably have some Carpenters on
contract they probably do it for
them up at the top it says labor prices
include removal and installation from
economy Home
Improvements maybe that's who's doing
the
installation I don't know who that is
economy Home
Improvements well do we have a problem
with the giving them a range that you
want them to hit
yeah I mean because I know the Fire
Commission has come to us multiple times
on this and we said the last time they
were asking for a base number and then
on the last time we sat there and said
get three quotes so they've gotten three
quotes on the cost of the hardware
but for some reason they're I just
Willard they have the smooth style door
where they have the shaker
style those are like
cabinets and I'm just wondering why Dean
wasn't selected because Dean has a much
lower labor charge and
why why is it on the one sheet says 6200
for labor and the other one it's all 4,
364,000 yeah that's where I'm confused
either quotes the install and no removal
or what they
do
okay so
um it's March so we still have another
month to deal with this if we choose to
um
if we have more questions than we ask we
may as well have Eric do that when he
gets back and sit there and deal with
this later yeah I mean the only reason I
wouldn't I would say we wouldn't go with
Dean is because they did have a fire in
their facility right um then they may
not be able to that may be something
there can answer they may not be able to
honor the timeline that we're looking
for and that's why he's going with Kelly
fet because I would go I would go
between those two because those two are
like they're they're pricing like items
yeah right okay so we'll push that that
was one of the four that Eric wants
we'll put that on U an agenda and if we
need to move forward faster we can sit
there and do something by email because
it is in the range that they spoke about
when they first came to
us it's just a question if if
everybody's happy with
the especially the labor dollars that's
the one question for me so okay uh let's
move on to item 14 which is new business
um Trinity solar vendor
application um that is on page
39 does anybody have a problem with that
I know that um we've had it's not really
a concern with the Solar Company but we
had some uh emails from residents
related to I believe
Frontier but does anybody have a problem
with the application and approving the
application for Trinity solar they've
had one in town before we've approved
this probably six months ago right yeah
yeah all their people have been very
good
okay uh I make a motion that we approve
the Trinity solar uh LLC vendor
application for second that vendor
license and K has seconded all those uh
further discussion
all those in favor I
I all
right
um item 14b Bill
7067 change to the motor vehicle
assessment this is a slightly
complicated but starting on page
41 we have an ability to
approve a lower valuation rate right on
the let's share my
screen where is it
share
okay so this is the page that um
relates to this bill so what Eric did is
they shoved this in a really interesting
Bill if you read the whole thing um
health care but basically what the
state's doing is they're basically
saying we could use um an 85% rate uh
for year one and that would be the
assessed value of a car or we can come
down and we can use 90% of the rate and
so what Eric's expressing to it and he
expressed in his report is there's a
shift of about1 Point some odd million
dollars in total valuation
um I mean just from a simple standpoint
in my head I sit there and think we go
because what's going to
happen is it decreases 5% every year
over a 20y year cycle um it gets down to
I believe the end of this is sorry it's
a not less than $500
so um so years 15 to 19 it's 20% and
anything beyond year uh 20 is $500 or in
that not less than
$500
um I would sit there and say we go with
a higher valuation and simply because
the math is going to tell us that if you
have a motor
vehicle and we have higher value on the
motor vehicle that means the home values
within Town um are going to get we're
going to end up having home values
potentially get taxed at a higher rate
because the state is going to limit the
the taxable rate that we can the mill
rate that we can have
so I mean after reading this my
recommendation is that we just go with
the higher 90 start at the 90% threshold
uh rather than the 85%
threshold anybody read this anybody have
any issues Rel yeah and then our GR list
is going to go back up again it's going
to be slightly higher
yes
y anybody any issues related to
this that's one of the ones you have to
sign um I'm not necessarily sure it's
the one I have to sign I think what we
need to do is we need to pick one of
these and so you can we can pick the 85%
start or we can pick the 90% start we
pick the 90% start that's what the town
will follow moving forward the
assessor's office will have that into
its equation and
when um my family receives its tax bill
for uh its Vehicles it'll be in
accordance with this percentage
rates so
okay if nobody's gonna sit there I'm
gonna sit there and
say go ahead I thought there was
something with the that we were limited
now at what the mill rate could be for
cars or something like that
correct so this helps to offset that a
little bit if we take the 90 it'll be
closer to what it had been is that what
it would be the final taxes or not nope
it just means that you know we would
potentially have a higher tax base to be
taxed at the standard rate that the
state is limiting for Motor Vehicles
yeah taking it from one place and giving
it to its back mother yeah I get it and
our problem with our town is that our
tax base is highly residential and
homeowners are going to Bear more of the
burden rather than people that are
dealing with more with cars because of
of these changes and lowering the
assessed value and taxing it at a lower
rate because in this case this I think
this is the first year and somebody can
correct me if I'm wrong but I think this
is the first year that our mill rate
would potentially be over the threshold
for the state we've actually done a
pretty good job of keeping the mill rate
lower than the maximum Motor Vehicle Tax
Rate I do think this year because of the
changes related to this and because of
the changes related to the veteran tax
exemptions and other items that we're
going
to cars or will be taxed at a different
mill rate than our
homes
correct do we know what do we know what
the average age of the automobiles are
in town what the breakdown
is um I don't know Jee and and and I
don't know that the town assessor has
ever provided that to
us because I don't see everybody driving
around in brand new 2025 Vehicles
so um you know I just wonder if we fall
in you know the the last you know the
year 10 to year 20 um with most Vehicles
so when you get down in that in the
weeds it's it's not it's not much of a
difference no none of it none of it is a
difference it's just when you have the
the difference offset of 5% it's an
offset of 5% across the board 5% yeah
that's all
okay I I just I would be curious how
this changes each one changes what we're
paying now versus what we're paying what
how this would
change as far as revenue for the
residents that have homes and
cars you would want you would want more
tax generation off of the vehicles
because
there's so to offset that's the
homeowner taxes you need more vehicle
taxes look you're GNA pay it no matter
what yeah no matter what I mean I I
realize my family's paying a lot and
we're going to keep paying a lot
regardless of this it's just in my head
you may as well take the higher
threshold and move on because well the
only person that's gonna penalize is
renters it's gonna just people who just
have cars or renters yeah I mean yeah
okay so I'm going to make a motion that
we go with the
um the motor vehicle assessment that has
a starting threshold of
90%
second okay any discussion related to
this
anymore okay all those in favor I I all
those opposed
all those that abstained I'm GNA abstain
because I'd like to get some more
information about this before I vote on
it okay so an did you vote Yes and did
you vote Yes yes so the vote was
okay um item 14 C the am uh the ahm
budget um first thing that we need to do
is appoint and Ann you're you're
you're okay being appointed to the the
ahm
representative yes okay I'll make a
motion that we appoint an CR uh as the
Andover Board of Selectmen ahm
representative got a second second Jeff
Murray seconded uh further discussion
all those in favor I
I
so that's
and did you vote Yes on that yes so four
nothing I'm I I can't see everybody
because I'm sharing my screen so I
apologize I gotta hear you so okay I'm
sorry that's all right and Jeff was the
only one that was in my ribbon on the
top so um so an has been appointed
that's the Andover Board of selectman
ahm representative for uh moving forward
and that vote was for nothing
um in our packet there was the ahm
budget these
Pages um this page specifically gives
the increase for the
town
um if I remember correctly from looking
at what we were doing so andover's
increas is$
4,425 um for a total of $
6,953
and if I if I understood what I you know
I believe and an correct me if I'm wrong
ahm provides services not only to the
community but also to the school and
those are Incorporated within those
dollars I believe also the school
actually pays them additional funding um
if I read it correctly I read it
somewhere yeah um
so ahm covers some of our social uh our
social uh requirements and state
requirements uh that the is right has to
be has to deal with so obviously it's an
additional 4400 or $4,000 but um the
total for the town this year will be$
953 anybody have any discussion related
to hm and the services provided
okay then I make a motion that we
approve the ahm budget for the 2025 2026
fiscal year at a
$16,995 is subject to the board of
Finance
approval
seconded seconded by Jeff Murray fa
further
discussion all those in favor I I I
right for nothing that vote
passes okay
um item 14d approve expenditures for
Bunker Hill Bridge Project and Culvert
fund um what Eric is asking us is
because we had uh looked at potentially
getting a line of credit from one of the
banks
and we couldn't sit there and do that
effectively we had to sit there and bond
for it and it was going to cost us a
significant amount of money we have
approximately a million dollars in those
two funds um and what Eric is asking is
for permission to use those dollars to
pay for
services uh for the contractors as they
get done and then as we're reimbursed
from the state and the Federal
government related to this bridge
project that he reimburses those funds
and sits there and utilizes our current
resources to manage the Bridge
Project
so that's the story on what he's asking
us for does anyone have any concerns I
will tell you my biggest concern is just
the funding from the federal
government and um the expectation really
is that we will get that everything will
get funded at least the state would
understand it I know the contractor
would understand
it um and everybody's got to be sitting
there feeling a slight bit of pressure
related to how this is moving about but
um if we want to move forward with that
Bridge Project this is probably our
easiest solution to funding uh to
funding it
anybody have any
issues
no
okay then I will make a motion to
um to authorize the Town Administrator
to
utilize The Bunker Hill Bridge Project
fund and the Culvert fund to uh utilize
as seed funding for the Bunker Hill
Bridge
Project I'll second that Jeff okay
further discussion me because this is
actually a
pretty this is a pretty big deal just
big deal I mean I don't want anyone to
be under the impression that this is not
um you know we're doing this to avoid
spending additional
dollars uh in interest and in bonding um
but if
the federal funding and the state
funding don't come timely what's going
to happen and and as I told Eric there
will be a pause in the bridge bridge
construction until funding resumes or
funding is is received
so we will not continue to move dollars
out if we don't receive funding so I've
tried to express that to Eric that
that's the way that I believe that we
would proceed um that's not a good
choice and it's not really it's it's
creating a lot of uncertainty from my
end but uh we need to get that bridge
done any further
discussion okay all those in favor I I
hi
Jeff bye okay or
nothing okay um item 14e senior
Transportation Grant application
approval whatever that's
um so on
page 52
52 there you go my bad I forgot I had it
there so so this is what um Eric is
asking us to approve so in the past this
Grant application process has been uh
performed by Kath plazy and we have been
successful on numerous Grant
applications this Grant application and
most grants that they're going now it's
required 20% funding so if we are
successful in getting the grant um we
would have to go to town meeting to get
it approved But Eric is just asking us
for asking the board for permission to
apply anybody have any just I just have
one question when when Kathy was
applying for these was Cathy signing
them or was it
Eric uh I believe it was Eric in the end
I believe in the beginning Kathy was
signing them
herself okay and then I believe it
transitioned when Eric became Town
Administrator and eventually
transitioned to Eric signing them okay I
mean I my personal opinion is I would
like to see our Town
Administrator as the this this is
nothing against us but I'd like to see
our Town Administrator uh signing in and
and overseeing all our
grants I think what happens I mean this
is just me
is the Grant application process he's
he's basically saying can she apply for
it and then she would go back with the
paperwork and give it to the appropriate
person in most of these cases it's it's
either the chief executive of the town
and some some require the first
selectman to sign which I I sign when
Eric requires and Eric can sign on some
of them but I think he's just saying no
no that's not right Jeff I I signed it
only only as the person doing the grant
creating the grant for the town then
Eric before Eric it was Bob Burbank and
then I mean after him oh no wait a
minute was Joe Higgins they were the
ones that signed it that official
signature correct okay just just as Eric
as The Office you know the the the
manager of the town I would I would
prefer he be the point of contact for
all grants going forward yeah that'd be
good Eric we've had a lot of success
with Kathy pazi being the point person
in that program just let everybody know
point of
order um who trying to speak that's Tess
gr yeah um uh Jeff Maguire I have I have
no problem with Eric overseeing that um
again I am new to grant writing and so
this would be my first grant writing and
so absolutely um I think that Eric
should oversee that and um every step of
the way I think that that would be a
good
guideline okay thank you Tess absolutely
should' be signed by the Town
Administrator yeah approved by the board
of
Selectmen okay so we're ready to approve
this anybody have a problem with it yeah
we just replaced test with Eric Anderson
Town
Administrator so I do I do have a
question in that if if I
may chairman go ahead um being though
that I'm filling out all the paperwork
Eric would be signing it so that would
be he would be overseeing everything so
correct me if I'm wrong I'm preparing
all the documents he's overseeing it
signing it and then we're going forward
correct to say that we're all under the
same agreement okay yep he's reviewing
and signing very
good okay
so um I'm I'm not sure if I'm missing
something I thought as of a few weeks
ago we were repairing the van or is it
now I mean how long would it be taking
to get a replacement are we doing this
because we figure in a few years we need
the replacement or right that's that's
when we'll be receiving this if we get
approved by for this grant that's when
we will be receiving it again the last
one took the last one took I think three
years we should be applying for every
OPP every Grant opportunity that's out
there especially related to senior
transportation and any senior issue
because our population is aging so sure
this is not related to the repair or the
work that we sat there and discussed on
the current van and the current vehicle
um this is a grant that's available that
the town should be applying for to to
take advantage of every dollar that we
possibly can get that doesn't from the
local
taxpayers okay so this is not uh because
we had problems with the last one just
last month this just was a grant that
happened to be coming along at this time
so we're going for that is that right
correct correct can can I can I clarify
that sure um any any vehicle that is at
a certain date that is outdated so to
speak by the state um we can apply for a
grant to replace that vehicle and that's
what we would like to do regardless of
if it has current problems or not um
that is a benefit to us actually but um
yes this is to replace um that outdated
vehicle which is the van which is in
need of desperate repair okay thank you
yep and if we do repair it and it stays
in service for a while then we keep
using it till it you know we hit in the
Life
absolutely okay so I make a motion that
we
authorize the Grant application for the
senior Transportation traditional
Capital Grant uh to be prepared by the
senior center coordinator and overseen
and signed by the Town
Administrator a second
that further
discussion all those in favor can can I
just interrupt so sorry sure um you said
senior coordinator that would be the
senior director senior director
clarification so our minute writers
please change it from coordinator to
director thank you sir sorry about
that
okay uh we have an event we have two
multiple event permits in for the
property down on um Route
6 um 131 otk 6 the
uh I forgot the name of the Tavern Scott
what was the name of that Tavern
originally whites yeah wh Tavern wh
Tavern right whites Tavern uh right
across the street from the
um uh Andover class yeah okay um so
there's two different
dates
um does anybody have an issue with
authorizing the permit it's it's stated
for you know somewhere between uh 80 and
100 people for both
events parking on Hutchinson
Road April 12th and May
17 anybody nope they were in on time
so and everybody's approved them right
the trooper
and or is where where the first uh the
first approvals for the first hurdle
so they're on time they're on time it
doesn't seem anything unreasonable okay
so I'll make a motion that we approve
the two permits for
the Siri Lanka New Year's Eve New Year
celebration and the the whac festival uh
to be held April 12th and May
17th subject okay I found this on
the new year cele
to ail sorry uh my phone decided it
wanted to give me some AI information on
that sorry about that
um so again I'll make a motion to
approve the the two events scheduled for
uh 131 Connecticut Route 6 in Andover on
May 17th and April 12th uh subject to
approval by all other relevant Public
Safety
officials second
it further
discussion all those in favor I
I Scott Jeff I can't see it I I voted
yes okay so four
Z okay so uh we had uh uh an additional
item into the agenda 14e a discussion
regarding EV charging stations at the
Town Hall
so this this kind of came about with a
discussion with Eric the other day in
his
office um about the EV charging station
um he stated we're paying $500 a year
for the billing service for that EV
charger and we're getting zero Revenue
out of it and um even when it was free
we were getting limited use so I would
like to propose that we cancel that
contract and save the town
$500 a year and just if anybody wants to
charge they can be and and even if
people go in and charge it may end up
costing us $50 to $100 a year but it's
still going to be a savings over what
we're doing now um I also saw um
something uh from a resident trying to
set up an account and and the way it's
set up now is that apparently you have
to get Town approval to charge there
they tried setting up an account one day
to to get their car charged and it was
it was an issue for them so I really
don't see a high use on that charger it
might be somebody stopping in there once
in a while or for a meeting that might
plug in or a fire department
member like I said it's it's really
inexpensive to charge because the
current the current levels that we're
that that chargers at is relatively low
so I'd like to suggest that we just take
it back to a free charger and and and
just cancel that contract going forward
and if the if the use goes up then we um
we make it a revenue based charger again
but I don't see it nobody's using
it let's make a motion and get that done
because that's something that's been
brought up before and we should do it
okay I'd like to make the motion to
cancel the the contract with the EV
service for the fee based charging uh
and and um take it back to a to a free
service I'll second second and seconded
that okay um
further
discussion all those in favor I I I so
four nothing on that
one okay let's move on to uh item 15
approval of the minute meetings
um the special meet minute meetings for
three um
I you know I know we tape all these
um but I was so let's do this one first
because I don't think there's any issues
related to
this I really got to ask a question on
minute meetings do we even need minute
meetings because we have these all taped
and they're all out there but I believe
it's statuto that we need to do it so
anyway I'll make a motion that we
approve the 23 2025 special minute
meetings
special meeting Minutes special meeting
special meeting blah blah blah sorry
special meeting
minutes I'll second that all right all
those in
favor I
I Jeff I'm assuming that was a yes that
was a yes okay um on this next one uh I
do have a couple of changes because I
read these
and
uh
so well maybe it's not this one is we
have a third one here
really the February 10th
meeting
yeah sorry that's on that starts on page
62 yeah there was an extra set of
minutes there for some reason why was
that we got to look now so we had a
special meeting February
10th and we
had a special meeting the thir but those
are not on here so we had the third and
we have the 10th and so we don't even
have on the agenda the other one okay
that's a problem that's why I was having
a a breakdown I was remembering
different MO and different items carried
so let's just look at that one
um that was related to
that yeah saw a correction needed on
page two under
7c no see you're dealing with you're
dealing with the minutes the regular
minutes regular meeting minutes that
you've got up there now I know we don't
have that I have a problem with that one
as well well um so so now I'm just
telling you I think we should approve
these but we have to add us we have this
is we did a budget meeting before that
meeting right so on starting on page 60
there's a set of minutes and those
minutes were related to
um those minutes were related to what we
were passing forth to the board of
Finance so I'll make a motion that we
approve the special meeting budget
Workshop minutes for Monday February
10th
okay and then and I'm going to recommend
that we bring this uh February 10th
regular minutes because they're not on
the agenda and we didn't make any
changes to them that we bring this to
the next meeting and I agree with you
there are certain votes which is
mentally a problem for me like how the
votes were done incorrect
by the person writing this and I asked
Eric that when I had I first got the
packet and I went to him because if you
can you know you got a
6B um the information
there
6B right yeah there's a vote and that
vote was incorrect and then the vote on
seven is incorrect and yeah you know I
know we do these things on on video and
everything is here for posterity because
it's recorded but I just tell you the
votes were wrong and I I had a problem
with that when I was reading them but
we're going to bring this one to our
next meeting okay because it's not on
here okay so then we go on through some
reports so we have our treasurer's
report does anybody have any questions
or want to bring any concerns related to
what's going on in the treasurer's
office forward
Okay saw a letter that she had submitted
in there uh that this is on the tax
collector so we have so so we didn't get
everything that we had from the the
treasurer's office but I know they're
they're dealing with other issues they
provided us the tax regist the check
register so this is the tax collector's
report that was provided so in the in
the month of February we collected
$255,000 um and and Kate sat there and
told us that this was not updated in her
in the information that she provided
because she didn't get all the way
through the end of the cycle before she
went uh away on U paid time off so right
uh so this is her letter related to that
right okay and then she did sent us uh a
letter that we should all uh read
related to uh The Hop River Homes uh tax
abatement um I don't believe we we want
to sit there and make any decisions on
this tonight but we want to know that
this is out there and that we should
address
it anybody have any problems with
that I can remember one time being at a
town meeting where we had to vote to do
with this abatement tax abatement so
would we have to do a town meeting again
to change
that um we probably should we have to
evaluate it an honestly I mean she
brings up some some points that we're
not utilizing field it would be better
to utilize the field and she's also
bringing up some points that weren't
addressed previously that right you know
the tax abatement isn't going to have
any impact on the residence it's only
going to have an impact on the company
that runs the facility so um it's
something we need to address I know
there's people in the community that are
very uh engaged with that Senior Center
and and not Senior Center but senior
housing and
um well listen we should evaluate it and
make what a decision that's appropriate
for the town so
right but that's not for today's meeting
so move this through so we do have on
page
84 a set of uh tax refunds that total
$1,614 20116
so does anybody have any issues related
to
those
nope
okay I'll make a motion that we approve
uh the tax tax refunds for the month in
a total of
$1,614
2016 second that and cre seconded uh
further discussion all those in favor
I hi
hi departmental reports
um the assessor's office provided us the
grand
list um it dropped 16 $6
million $6 million and
315 something along that lines so um
house valuations are the same uh
reasonably the same actually no sorry
down down 400,000 the car taxes are down
$6 million and the personal property
taxes are up slightly so total net Grand
list and really what we should do is
request that the assessor provides us
changes on those line items so that
everybody can understand them easily
without me having to try to do math but
a $6 million decrease which means that
our mill rate will have to increase to
cover the loss and tax
dollars yeah I wish I would have seen
that before I abstained from the few
Motor Vehicle Tax that's what I was
looking I got it uh but we should sit
there and ask when he does this in the
future is to give us the change so it's
easily to understand and the members of
the board can see it and that the the
residents can all see it so they
understand what we're dealing with and
what the board of Finance has to deal
with when they sit there and deal with
the budget and try to come up with a
mill rate so
this was the assessor's office activity
report conveyance fees process so on and
so forth It's all
available um these are adjustments that
are made within the system um so ups and
downs and by uh
location in the month of February we had
a total uh building permits for
[Music]
$2,892 so uh a very light permit month
and permit dollars so hopefully that
will increase and we'll have some
business
that moves
forward um Public Works does anybody
have any comments or concerns on the
Public Works report
okay register voters is in the packet uh
processed 23 voters annual can of Voters
connected secret State attended to col
talin County ROV or roak meeting in
Willington there you go and that was the
last page of
our packet so anybody have any questions
or concern concerns related to
Department reports or lack of Department
reports or anybody have anything they
want to bring
up okay item 19 correspondence we didn't
have
any one second I have to stop sharing
there we
go okay I get to stop sharing so there
was no correspondence now we're going to
move on to item 20 and public speak so
we're going to start in the Top Line
Kimberly psan
nothing right now thank you Liz
latch I'm all I'm all set thank you okay
um Kathy and Mike
pazi nothing thank you all right Chris
Bernard nothing really other than to
just be clear I think that the ability
to get on the ballot from a writing
perspective is quite easy I've done it
myself I just decided not to run I've
been asked multiple times around for
Board of Selectmen and I have refused
every time because of this thank you
very much Rachel
Bowman Diane
grer I'm all set thank you very much Lou
Goodwin hi um I just wanted to mention
when you were talking about the ah M
budget um I'm the representative for the
board of finance and I already voted and
submitted my vote um after we had a
board of Finance um review on it and
everyone voted in the board of Finance
you had mentioned that you'd have to
send the um your vote over to the board
of Finance for
consideration did I miss if you've
already voted on it it's done because
it's passed us because you control the
money Eric asked us to vote on it so
that we would move it to you okay
because we were I was informed that both
the board of finance and board of
Selectmen has a vote for that so I think
it's done at this point okay thanks okay
I'm gonna go back to Liz latch because
she's Bor of fin I just got her hand
up oh yeah I I was just gonna say yeah I
I I believe that we were entitled to two
votes and Louise did our one and then
you guys were it okay so I would think
that you guys would still have a vote
but so then we're good to go so we have
the second vote and we approved it and
the board of Finance has approved it so
I think so yeah not as good with ahm all
right thank you thank you Ste Stephen
King I'd just like to note that I think
it's somewhat unfair that you allow
certain people to speak and you shut
down Carol Barton I think that speaks to
uh uh just a hint of your Prejudice and
uh really again disappointed in uh
what happened
tonight Jerry
KET no I have nothing to add thank you
Kathleen der
roer all set thank
you Bob
hamburger yeah give me a second I made
some notes here um this is something
that's really more to the Board of Ed
but since it was brought up here I just
want to enter into the record in context
um Adrien mentioned during the first
public speak the idea that the school
administration and the Board of Ed
shouldn't be running the solar energy
project that um the school building is a
town asset and should be dealt with as
such by Town officials and I I just want
to concur with that notion and speak to
that concern perhaps within the larger
context of other recent years Capital
issues like the problems with the
school's bathrooms the parking lot and
of course the uh the disputes over the
property lines related to the
construction of the community center uh
ju from my perspective that last one was
a complete train wreck and accomplish
nothing except spending something like
30 grand of town funds on needless and
ultimately useless legal challenges now
I always try to maintain a high level of
decorum in public meetings like this but
I don't think there's any diplomatic way
to put this on the one hand we have Town
officials and board members with
specific and Det detailed experience in
construction engineering and project
management while the school does not I
mean Eric Anderson worked for several
years directly in the solar energy
industry Jeff Murray is an electrical
engineer somebody who I've worked with
and can attest to his competence school
officials and the Board of Ed have
demonstrated pretty conclusively that
they're not able to effectively manage
these Capital issues and they really
just need to concede these inabilities
in these matters and relinquish the
authority to those folks in Town who
know how to get these things done just
for context I make these comments from
my own perspective as an advanced
degreed electrical engineer with 43
years professional experience so I
didn't just fall off the turnup truck
don't misunderstand me it's not that the
Board of Ed or the school officials are
somehow bad people or nefarious have
nefarious intentions it's simply that
they don't have the professional
expertise or the specific domain
knowledge to get these Capital
Improvement projects done promptly or
efficiently that's all I had to say for
now
thanks T
gr I have nothing to add thank you Jeff
Lane
Bart sorry had a hard time unmuting
myself um I I just back um when you were
talking about uh petition
candidates um being on the ballot is
Ryden um and I know I I also was at that
board of that um part of that board of
Selectmen group that went ahead and
petitioned to have our names on the
ballot and we were on the ballot we
weren't writings there was a line that
said petition candidates there was the
Republican the Democrat Working Families
petition candidates so our names were
there um so I I I have to admit I do
think it's kind of odd that you know one
one candidate on the ballot and then any
of the other people on a writing list so
that's all just uh my opinion on that um
also I I do hope that uh at the next
meeting we discuss how we go about
getting a new town
clerk um because I know we haven't had
spent the time yet to discuss that about
whether we have to have a special
election for a town clerk um or whether
we wait till November to have it part of
the November elections or if it's
something that gets appointed um until
there's an election um by the board of
selectman so hopefully that discussion
happens uh next
month thanks Roberta
Dy hi I just want to be sure that the
board of lman received my email of
letter of interest to the open position
of the town clerk I also wanted to let
you know that I have submitted that
letter with the town clerk
today so if somebody didn't get that the
town clerk has a
copy Joanne
Ebert I am all set thank you
Leanne
Hutchinson no thank you okay Marcy
Miner I'm good
thanks um Carol Lee I believe all set
thank
you phone number ending in 4766
okay and over
Democrats I I signed in with the wrong
account this is Scott so yet um and I
really have nothing to add right now
thank you Allison
Kane thank
you Lauren iPhone
iPhone
13 Alicia
Lee okay did I miss anyone because
there's a lot of people on this
meeting okay okay if I did not miss
anyone that concludes public
speak I will sit there and make a motion
to
adjourn
seconded all those in favor I I right
thank
you good night
Jeff see you
where is
the of that